---
layout: post
title: "Osaka, Japan Day 3"
date: 2025-05-17
location: "Osaka, Japan"
tags:
  - travel
  - japan
  - osaka
  - reflection
---
# Overview
Today the plan was to visit the Osaka Aquarium, the boat ride and Umeda Sky. After the previous packed day I decide to go for a lighter day.

# Osaka Aquarium

## Intent
So the honest reason was that I haven't really visit many Aquariums so I was curious. I also saw it in an anime

## Experience
The aquarium started with a nice outdoor section,followed by a lot of animals. There are a lot of information avilable for people. I also paid for the feeding area.

## Memory
The caretakers are very knowledgeble and speak some english. The following are some intresting things I learnt
-The animals do not attack each other when well fed which is how they kept everyone in the same tank.

## Insight
I learn some intresting things about animal, from this I learnt to give unconventional experience a go. Even through I am not a marine entuhaist I still learnt some intresting facts and understand the animals better.

# Umeda Sky and Car Museum

## Intent
For Umeda Sky I thought that the skyline would be nice since I have seen the older side I am curious how does the more modern side look.
I happen to stumble across the Car Museum so I payed it a visit

## Experience
Upon reaching the top I see two side, one side is the river facing side and the other side is mor eurban
The Car Museum is a small but neat museum and features cars from the start of car development to current cars.

## Memory
For both they aren't a lot of intresting details but the sights is nice.

## Insight
Sometimes a slow relaxing day is fine, to simply relax and look around.
