---
layout: post
title: "Osaka, Japan Day 1"
date: 2025-05-15
location: "Osaka, Japan"
tags:
  - travel
  - japan
  - osaka
  - reflection
---

# Overview
Today is the first day I arrive in Japan. I took the plane in midnight and arrive in the morning. Before heading to my hostel I visited the following location.

# Cup Noodles Museum Osaka Ikeda

## Intent
As a college student who eat a lot of instant noodles to survive for my college exam, I am very famillar with Japanese branded instant noodle. The Cheesy Currry Chicken is my favorite. So when I was looking around and see a Cup Noodles Museum I decide to visit just to see what is up.

## Experience
The museum is smaller than expected, as most of the things are in Japanse I did not really understood much of the exhibit. However the making of the instant noodles is worth it.

## Memory
The Instant Noodle making is the highlight, I get to design my own cup and add my own ingreidents. Additionally I learnt how are instant noodles are prepared. I get to see the lid sealer that melts the lid onto the cup.

## Insight
For small and niche museums such as these the piority is the interactivity and not the exhibits itself. I should look up such activites in the future before visiting.

# Ikeda Castle Ruins

## Intent
It happen to be nearby, and I kinda like castle. So I decide to visit it since it is convenient.

## Experience
There is a park around the castle, at the top floor it leads to an observatory that provide a overview of the more civilian part of the city. The castle has a Stair climbing wheelchair, additionally there are a few small gardens.

## Memory
The sunset is a nice sight(As seen in the picture above). It become very quiet the instant I enter the garden, having quiet and peace is nice. Additionally thet Stair Climbing Wheelchair atttached to this, made me realize how rare this is in my home country.

## Insight
Sponatenous trip that is effortless to visit are worth the efforts, no need to plan rigidly for everything. Additionally I realize the gap in infrastrucutre in terms of disability access, and this is something worth advocating.

# Dotonbori 

## Intent
It is suprising close to the hostel I was staying at so I paid it a visit. I also heard something about the running man.

## Experience
It is really crowded, and yup the running man is there. I ate some nice food and walk around a bit.

## Memory
The food is nice, also I saw Spiderman on the bridge.

## Insight
I realize that I should probably research more about the famous landmarks, since without any knowledge of the historical significance the running man is just another banner.

