---
layout: post
title: "Osaka, Japan Day 5"
location: "Kyoto, Japan"
tags:
  - travel
  - japan
  - kyoto
  - reflection
---
# Kyoto, Fushimi Inari Shrine

## Intent
To be honest I was trying to avoid the crowd, I thought it will be cool since it will be late at night.

## Experience
I went down the shrine at 12AM basically, the entire place feels calming initally. However around the Tori gates the atmosphere become very opressive, espeically as I can hear the wild boars and friends. I did not finish the ascend as planned and I dipped out midway through.

## Memory
Something about the night turn a simple walk into a scary one. I think it is the lack of people or the darkness, however the number of Tori gate make the experience a surreal one

## Insight
I hope to go again in the morning, through I learnt the importance of pulling out. The entire experience was an unique one but I am unsure if my heart can handle this.

# Kyoto, Railway Museum and Tower

## Intent
I didn't have any real goal in mind so I was just googling for intresting things.

## Experience/Memory
To be honest it is pretty forgettable, the only thing I rembered is that the fog blocked the view. Oh yes and there is a minature section to drive trains. 

## Insights
Maybe spamming random activites and commiting to it isn't the best idea if I clearly don't care about it.

# Kyoto, Gear Play

## Intent
I saw the advertisement as a "wordless" play, which is something I think I can enjoy even without a translator so I went inside.

## Experience
I sat down and we watched a play, the entire play features 5 character and a set. The production is really high and there are flyers and stuff. I took a few home.

## Memory
This was the highlight of the kyoto trip suprising, the entire play was something that convey emotion despite not a single word being spoken. They conveyed the sense of creativity and things quite well, as well as using creative stageplay. The emotions conveyed are really strong, I even bought the stageplay and some shirts. Even if it is all in Japanese so I need to get on with learning the language to read it.

## Insight
It seems I had some misconception on plays on account of only being exposed to my school terrible plays. In the future I will seek our more theatres to watch and expand my horizon.

# Insight-Overall
I learnt the plan is to plan more time. 1 day in Kyoto is insufficient and one of the main issue I ran into is the fact that I am constrained by time, some attractions and museums are not open that day so I wasn't able to visit.