---
layout: post
title: "Reading: Hoshi Ori Yume Mirai - Sora Route"
location: "Singapore, Singapore"
tags:
  - reflection
  - book
---

# Synopsis 
The novel covers Hino Ryousuke returning to his hometown of Shionagi and his school life. It also cover his struggles as well as romance with Ousaka Sora, the 1st year astrology club president and its only member. The first part focus on the incoming Tanabata festival and the stories while preparing for it, with a focus on Ousaka-san and her growth. The second part focus more on Hino-san and his career inspirations as he is starting out his new firm as an architect.

# First Impressions
The first thing I noticed is that most of the characters have a obession that actually demonstrates. Ousaka-san knowledge of astrology actually go beyond common knowledge and I learnt quite a few things about constellations. 
Intresting trivia like less light pollution(obvious) and dry air(not obvious) is better for stargazing, or how Zeus is connected to yes amount of constellations. This stands out to me as a lot of anime or visual novel usually tell us that a character is good but never demonstrate knowledge beyond what literally anyone will know. It enforces Ousaka-san as interested in astrology and she is someone I can see asking about this topic.

# Stand out moments
To start out with the most obvious thing Hino-san is an actual character and not a self insert. He has his own goals and is seeking out an internship at the start. We see that he is overly confident and humbled by Mo-san(I can't remember his name but Ousaka-san calls him this) who is someone he look up to. He is someone gentle and care about his girlfriend and how she is feeling, and he struggles with coming up with a correct solution. I felt that being able to describe Hino-san this ways instantly makes him more intresting and I can actually see why...well Ousaka-san in this case falls for him.

The confession scene was notable because it occurs at what I will consider a moment of weakness of the protagonist. To give context even after Hino-san realize that he has fallen for Ousaka-san, he is determined to confess only AFTER the festial so that if he is rejected it will not affect his duties(which is to convince Ousaka-san to participate in the festival). However after seeing that Ousaka-san is popular and have suitors, when they are together he went ahead with the confession anyways. He even realizes that this can end poorly.

Ousaka-san also does not respond immediately and request time to consider, despite this the relationship afterwards did not become akward. Hino-San even explained the reason he isn't avoiding her while giving her time to think about it. So when Ousaka-san give her response, even if I already know the answer it is a sweet moment.

Throughout the route, constellations are an important part of the relationship beyond a interest, the protagonist reference Zeus and constellations as they kiss for the first time, additionally the final location they are seen together is referenced very early on when they are studnets as the "ideal stargazing spot". 

The sex scenes are quite sweet as well and it reveals another side of the charcater, Ousaka-san is notably more assertive in this segment while Hino-san is really careful throughout the relationship. It helps establish the relationship with each other. Notably unlike quite a few porngraphic material Ousaka-san felt like an actual person instead of a prop to arouse the user.

As of the challanges most of them are relatively realistic and things that can actually happen in real life (such as the rain ruining some of the cardboard storage).

# Highlight of the story
The most notable part of the story is the adult route when Hino-San open his firm and is stressed out by multiple vectors, with many things to do. He actually suffered the consequences of this excessive load and fainted in office, coming to a tearful Ousaka-san. Whereas they have talk about marriage previously, the marriage proposal from Ousaka-san and the sacrifice she will make is what cause Hino-San to realize how badly he has screwed up. What he said afterwards was one of my favorite parts where he takes responsbility and take care of himself for both his and Ousaka-san sake.

# Complaints
I know I litearlly just praised the sex scene earlier, but I felt that they might be too stacked with each other. I primary take issues with the back to back sex scenes, it kinda kill the pacing. I think the offending scene is after the second time they have sex, they go for round 2 in the shower agian. I was kinda waiting for them to get on with the normal interaction. If it is spread out a little more I will not have an issue.

# Closing thoughts
TWhile I am probably bias because Ousaka-san is exactly my type of girl, I felt that the route is very sweet throughout in showing the relationship as well as the struggles. My favorite part is that the focus is split on both the protagonist and the love interest.