---
layout: post
title: "Reading: Hoshi Ori Yume Mirai - Sora Route"
location: "Singapore, Singapore"
tags:
  - Hoshi Ori Yume Mirai
  - book
---

# General Thoughts - School Arc
So in this route we are basically stuck with Sora and assisting with the astrology club, who become talkative when it is about the stars. Notably Sora does demonstrate some intresting knowledge about astrology and the associated mythology. There are some light drama and issues they faced which are solved almost immeditely, however the brief moment of setback are realsitic and truely feel like life and dead for that age.

The love confession and realization has quite a bit of build up, from when our protagonist realizes his feelings, to learning more about her then finally confessing at a chance. Notably the protagonist does not actually get a reply immedietly and has to wait for her response. They continue per normal until she resond in affimartive. The group of friends meanwhile play a supporting role offsetting Sora shy nature, and continue to play a role through the festival contribution.

The next part can be broken down into two segment, but generally they face some problem and overcome them. The best way to describe it is that everyone work hard and it eventurally worked out. It felt like they really cared for each other. Notably I was actually suprised at the third setback(since it has been so drama light). The finale felt like a suitable conclusion as we see their hard work pay off and Sora dream is realized.

# General Thoughts - After Story
Whereas the school arc mainly focus on realizing Sora dream, there is a notably swap here where the protagonist take center stage as he open his own firm with Sora and best boss Azuma supporting him. Sora at this point already mostly accomplished her goals in astrology which the protagonist get to witness, the protagonist meanwhile face some struggles maintaining his work life. My favorite scene is when the protagonist faints from overwork, and immeditely continue trying to work again until Sora propose to him. Where the terms she proposal shows she is willing to give up her own dream just to support him,causing the protagonist to realize how he has screwed up and take action to correct.. Eventurally he was able to fufill his own dreams, and then he finally marry Sora and gaze the stars together. The post credit scene confirms that Sora dreams is well and alive after the marriage as he and the other friends arrive to support Sora.

# General Thoughts - The Sex Scene
She has around 10 scene I believe, and most of the scene felt extremely simillar. Basically I think the plot relevant ones are probably exactly 2. The first is used to show her more assertive side, and the second is used to show how she is willing to accept his fetishes as a part of him. Some of them does depict her as being more careful, however the usage of condom dies after the first raw experience so I am not sure if the above was intended.

# General Thoughts - Overall
This is a strong introduction to the novel, I like that it is relatively low stakes and used to further the characters. It has a strong element of mutually supportive relatioship, and it helps Sora is really cute throughout the route.