---
layout: post
title: "Reading: Hoshi Ori Yume Mirai - Natuuki Route"
location: "Singapore, Singapore"
tags:
  - Hoshi Ori Yume Mirai
  - book
---

# Background
The reason I decide to attempt to romance her is simply because she is the most prominent of all the love interest in Ousaka-san path. From aiding in the love confession to showing up in the after story.

# General Thoughts - School Arc
Segawa-san School Arc difference is that she basically dragged the protagonist along and they eventurally developed feelings. Her primary theme is photography. Her route is devoid of any major conflict and basically sees the protagonist keeping up with her as she take photos for the club. Notably what the astrology and nature club end up doing both end up changing to make her a major player. 

The love confession felt kinda abrupt. After spending enough time with each other, they realize they like one another. Or at least the protagonist seems to think so, however his obviliousness doesnt exactly convince me so. It does make use of photography that I find was neat,and is a very Segawa way of confessing.

It primary focus on her obession with photography and the various things they did. The ending felt a little abrupt as they went to the festival and it ends...just like that I am a little sad that the group trip they were talking about just didn't happen. It might be better if that was never mentioned since I was expecting, you know that group trip to be the climax of the story.

# General Thoughts - After Story
Natsuki(From here on) After Story place a heavy focus on the post marriage life, with a heavy emphasis on the ideal post marriage life. It is a very fluffy read and seems to cover the honeymoon period. The ending fits Natsuki Hino quite well and is photography relevant. They have their rituals, the people around them treating them after the marriage, and how they perform the chores and cook together when they are living as a couple.The story ends with the actual ceremony for the marriage conducted by the school

# General Thoughts - The Sex Scene
She has around 9 scenes I believe, and somehow all of them are plot relevant as for a lack of a better words showing them fucking raw with zero damn about the world leading to their shotgun marriage is pherhaps the most realistic part about fucking like rabbits. Even if they discover they have no child it is highly belivable. The most plot relevant one is when they are both late due to fucking deep at night. The rest is passable by explaining how they can believe in the pregency.

# General Thoughts - Overall
Segawa route is rather unique due to her airheadness, and unique personality. It is a fluffy story that somehow doesn't stick in my mind.